Nicole Roybal: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
Nicole Roybal: Hi, good morning. Sorry, I was checking to see if these headphones work better for like the audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you'd like me can you hear and see me okay you want to stick with these headphones, you have
Nicole Roybal: As long as you can hear me better
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you. Great.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, awesome. I'll start using the headphones.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are really good. Okay, so I'm going to open up a note. Um, do you want to. Is there anything kind of going on for you within the last like 48 hours anything kind of intense going on.
Nicole Roybal: No not really, it's kind of been kind of boring. Honestly, I got boring but like since my boyfriend took that two weeks off. We've just kind of just lost track of time, honestly.
Nicole Roybal: But I've just been going to my grandma's and stuff.
Nicole Roybal: Will not actually something did happen. My grandpa, he fell again a day before yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened to him. Like, where did you get injured.
Nicole Roybal: He well he was getting up from the couch and he has his Walker and I guess he stood up and he like turns his Walker, to the right to like go around the couch and also he has got all dizzy and just like fell down to the side.
Nicole Roybal: He made it. Oh my god. But when it happened that day and we got there, like, five minutes after it happened.
Nicole Roybal: But he made it seem like he fell backwards and his head or something. But he was fine. He over exaggerated, but it just scared because he got dizzy, out of nowhere. But I think that's just because he's getting older and maybe his medications.
Gwenevere Abriel: We just say I'm going to grab grab something. I'll be right there.
Nicole Roybal: My grandma and grandpa. They're always okay so it's like super slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, test, test, test, how's audio and video. Now, test, test, test,
Nicole Roybal: How we do the audio is fine but
Nicole Roybal: The video just keeps like
Nicole Roybal: So short
Nicole Roybal: Okay. I mean, sorry, like flagging so
Gwenevere Abriel: We just rely on what I'm saying, and less about video, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you were your grandpa exaggerated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did some exaggeration.
Nicole Roybal: I guess it is kind of cutting out
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test test test test.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, that that every time you do the test. It works.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when I started
Gwenevere Abriel: messes up when I start talking
Nicole Roybal: Exactly. I wonder if I should just start try to restart my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well now I'm in Santa Fe. So, and I'm in a zone and I want I'm telling everyone that my
Gwenevere Abriel: My cell service is
Gwenevere Abriel: Poor at best, which means sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not
Gwenevere Abriel: In my text. So you can't rely on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Reminders the day before.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was in Albuquerque yesterday, which allowed me to send a reminder
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm even frozen.
Nicole Roybal: I'm just gonna turn this off for just a
Gwenevere Abriel: Second, so I was in Albuquerque yesterday and it allowed me to send a reminder
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't mean I'm going to be doing that in the future because I don't think you guys are going to get them. So once we schedule something definitely you want to set your own alarms because I may not be able to send those reminders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hear that information about the
Texting
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, um, let's have you log out and come back. Let's see what happens with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you, like, get out and come back out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test, test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So, did you hear anything about the reminders.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can. I'm going to. So I'm going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: purple, red, blue, what did I just say
Nicole Roybal: render an Albuquerque or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll start over. So I'm in a really bad Wi Fi zone. So I won't be able to send those Wi Fi. I'm sorry, those
Nicole Roybal: Texture will read blue
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I won't be able to send those reminders, the day before. If I do, that's great. But I wouldn't rely on them. If I were you because
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. No, it's fine. I know, I know. When we have therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright, cool.
Nicole Roybal: I have an alarm. That's it. Every Friday and then every Tuesday.
Nicole Roybal: Uh huh. So it just goes off, so I know
That's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so the connections, a little better with me on video. Correct.
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it is a little weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could do it the other way around, where you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can make one up. We could flip it and see if you prefer it where I can see you and
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Or rather, I can't see you. We could flip it around where your videos off. Do you wanna try it that way. What would you prefer.
Nicole Roybal: As long as if that helps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's try. We'll just do our picture to picture.
Nicole Roybal: It doesn't, it doesn't matter to me, honestly, whichever way.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, so I don't mind looking at your picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of a fun one. Um, I did Photoshopped it a little bit. So, okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, I think it was working better when I had my picture on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so go back to that for a minute, and then I'll pull up your note.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me
Nicole Roybal: Try talking
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to review your notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: From last time, because we got pretty pretty into some goal setting. So I want to get into
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what that session was like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was research classes on business and accounting. So after that appointment last Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were your thoughts after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think you heard that question I was asking you, after last session when you set yourself a goal to research classes on business and accounting kind of wanted to know what your thoughts were about it. Oh, hey, wait, did you. You bet you didn't hear any of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's start over. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test, test 121212 test test test test test test test test.
Nicole Roybal: I can hear you. It's like cutting out really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm gonna go
Nicole Roybal: Let me go right there.
Nicole Roybal: It's working. Now it's working. Now the last thing I heard was thoughts about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I wanted to know, after we met last week and you said, I want to research classes on business and accounting what
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened.
Nicole Roybal: See like here you
Nicole Roybal: Um, I had kind of looked into it and
Nicole Roybal: I was talking to my mom about it. And sure, like she reminded me that when I did work at a desk. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I can hear you.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, when I did work at a desk. I was like I was always like super tired like I'd be sitting there in the morning, and I'd like get like all like, just like
Nicole Roybal: Like my eyes would be closing and I'd get so tired, just because I like I'd be so bored I guess just like doing the same tedious work and just being in front of the computer screen and it hurts my eyes, I guess, I don't know, but I would always like
Nicole Roybal: Literally be like felt like falling over because I'd be so tired in the mornings and you so boring.
Nicole Roybal: Way. And so I don't like guesswork.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I hear you but analyze whether you had been
Nicole Roybal: Dressed I do
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a hangover present
Nicole Roybal: Oh, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really different.
Gwenevere Abriel: From when we are feeling sharp so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, like, we're not too sure what you're going to know because you're going to take these classes and you'll be like, oh, this is kind of interesting, you know, one desk.
Nicole Roybal: Is that i don't i don't want to
Nicole Roybal: Well, I don't want to
Nicole Roybal: spend more money and take classes or something. I don't like. Again, I don't want to waste my time and money. Again, that's what I'm scared of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: The misinformation is that if anything you learn is a waste. I'm telling you, as a 50 year old woman, the things you learn today are not a waste.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know what you're saying, I want a degree. I want to spend my money on an education that gets me a degree that gets me a job that's well paying I understand what you're saying. But to say that it's a waste of your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't already know what you want. Part of this is investing in getting clear about what you want and maybe it means taking a class.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you won't use this year, but you may use the information you learn in a class 10 years from now, we don't know that where you're where you're going to end up but you're worth it, Nicole.
Nicole Roybal: Just like it's just like, especially like the money part the time fine now. I don't mind if I waste my time, but the money is like school is so freaking expensive. Why can't it be free, like all those other countries.
Nicole Roybal: But
Nicole Roybal: Business is definitely still something I want to look into. It's just the accounting is
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it is boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's boring. I would never do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but that isn't but businesses offices entrepreneurship business is this massively open
Gwenevere Abriel: Topic profession. It's not just
Gwenevere Abriel: Accounting
Nicole Roybal: Okay, yeah. So we still thinking business but do they go hand in hand.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look at this you know what you would be really I think you'd be awesome at is, is, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me show you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's actually someone in
Gwenevere Abriel: In one of the groups.
Nicole Roybal: I asked this person some questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you would be great. Look at this human resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what that is.
Nicole Roybal: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so in a company, it's the, it's the entity that hires you that interviews and hires you and they make sure everybody's trained. They make sure they're human the resources is a staff. And so what they do is they make sure that everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's both. You're interacting with people sometimes, and other times, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just doing record keeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a real common like
Nicole Roybal: Everyone is like following like the rules and stuff. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this these human resource. People can can make. They can you can be a human resource director of a hospital and make hundreds of thousands of dollars, you could potentially make a lot a lot of money in that
Gwenevere Abriel: What jobs can you get with a bachelor's degree in business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Financial Advisor marketing commodities trader Human Resources loan officer real estate. Well, you'd be so good at that, too. Oh, she left me.
Nicole Roybal: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Gotcha. You're here now.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, did it doesn't go out for you too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, you will you leave.
Nicole Roybal: logged out
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you. I'm here you you ended up dropping out
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it's the same here, you dropped out like I'm not touching. Nothing, it's just going out and doing it on song.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus on what we do have, we have communication now. So let's just stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand you don't want to waste your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, money.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, last thing I heard you say was that the hospital.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you don't want to waste your money on
Nicole Roybal: Investing in Calgary so
Nicole Roybal: That you can be human resources for the hospital make hundreds of dollars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Like
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it just like
Nicole Roybal: I guess I wish I had the money to invest on holidays and stuff, they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, then why are you starting with just sort of a first young person's career and do something like with Pima
Nicole Roybal: Well,
Nicole Roybal: I already went to one of those little small schools. When I all kinds of money for
Gwenevere Abriel: And can they
Nicole Roybal: Go to, like,
Nicole Roybal: Seeing them at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can they help you get a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, what can't that school help you get a job.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but I don't want to work in the medical field.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you did. Okay, that's fine. But here's the deal. Nicole, you're sitting at home.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but
Nicole Roybal: What the school. I went to
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah, we have this really long delay between our, our, our communications. So Nicole, if you were to go as a
Gwenevere Abriel: As a sober woman, of whom I'm assume you have no idea who that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sober woman who is in therapy, a sober woman who's going to group every week a silver woman who's
Gwenevere Abriel: reinventing herself. How do you know you're not going to like being in the medical field for a year, while you figure out what the heck you want to do after that. How do you know why can't we just do something that we have, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: She left me again.
Nicole Roybal: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. You don't have to be angry. Don't be angry. We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you want to do this too cold. Let's do this today.
Nicole Roybal: Can you hear me now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm gonna call you on my phone. And we're going to do.
Nicole Roybal: My okay i hear you. Hi, this is, oh my gosh, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, I'm gonna call you on my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going to do it. You're gonna stay here, but we're going to talk on the phone. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it's just frustrating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me give you two minutes to track.
Nicole Roybal: Wireless and just getting like a little normal job just like at Ross, I was thinking, just like a five to six hour shift that way. I could still
Because
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I heard something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole. I hate
Nicole Roybal: Having to call you on
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang up on zoom and I'm going to just pick up the phone when I call you. Okay. Just log out as
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just going to do an audio will be all right. We'll get there.
Your message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you guys on the phone. Oh, sorry.
Nice.